Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-ccc-shape
<br>
Implement a Shape hierarchy as shown in the figure above. Each TwoDimensionalShape should contain method getArea to calculate the area of the two-dimensional shape. Each ThreeDimensionalShape should have methods getArea and getVolume to calculate the surface area and volume, respectively, of the three-dimensional shape. Create a program that uses an array of Shape references to objects of each concrete class in the hierarchy. The program should print a text description of the object to which each array element refers. Also, in the loop that processes all shapes in the array, determine whether each shape is a TwoDimensionalShape or a ThreeDimensionalShape. If it is a TwoDimensionalShape, display its area. If it’s a ThreeDimensionalShape, display its area and volume.RUBRIC: TASK 1: Implement abstract superclass Shape.TASK 2: Implement abstract subclasses TwoDimensionalShape and ThreeDimensionalShape which extend abstract superclass Shape. TwoDimensionalShape contains method getArea, and ThreeDimensionalShape contains methods getArea and getVolumeTASK 3: Implement concrete classes Circle, Square, Triangle, Sphere, Cube and Tetrahedron.TASK 4: Create a program that uses an array of Shape references to objects of each concrete class in the hierarchy. The loop that processes all shapes in the array determines whether each shape is a TwoDimensionalShape or a ThreeDimensionalShape. If it is a TwoDimensionalShape, its area is displayed. If it’s a ThreeDimensionalShape, both its area and volume are displayed.